readme.md, before:

# UNPKG

Single file lib to help setup workspaces without to much effort. This is a
very minimal library it will not do syncing or even any checking. It requires
that you have already got installed the components it needs (E.g. git).
It will use platform provided utils where available (E.g curl).

Basically for a given project I will likely have some binary data, some
3rdparty code, and or some setup information that I don't want in the main
git repo, for example a premake executable, or bulid script, or a 3rd party
repo.

## What

- Unpkg reads a config file, and calls the command line to setup your workspace.
- Unpkg uses [TOML](https://github.com/toml-lang/toml) for data description.
- Unpkg is C89 ish. Meaning I'm not 100%, but it works on the compilers I use.
- Unpkg only looks for `unpkg.toml`, edit the source if you wish to change that.
- Unpkg will `git clone <repo>`.
- Unpkg will _not_ sync repos, you have todo that.
- Unpkg can clone a repo and select a single file.
- Unpkg will download an archive and unzip.
- Unpkg will _not_ stop you overwritting archive if called again.
- Unpkg can download an archive and select a single file.
- Unpkg does not cache diddle or squat.

## Why

- I'm stupid.
- I don't like subtrees.
- I don't like submodules.
- I don't like setup bash/bat scripts.
- I don't like extra dependencies.
- I don't like complex cmd line programs. 
- I want to easily setup a workspace, using the compiler I already have.
- I want to control that workspace after setup.

## How

- Build unpkg using the super complex instructions and custom build setup below.
- Add `unpkg.toml` to a directory and describe your data. Example in `test/`.
- Copy the exeutable to the directory, or add it to your path env var.
- Call `unpkg`.
- Start working.
- If you edit something you got via `unpkg` you have to deal with it.
- `unpkg <insert pkg name>` if you only want to process one item.
- E.g `unpkg premake-bin-win`

## UNPKG Doc

```toml
[package-name]           # Pkg name, used to select pkg manually
url = "http://where.com" # Where to find the resource
type = "git"             # Can be git or archive
select = "foo.json"      # Optional: if you only want one file from the resource
platform = "Windows"     # Optional: Lock package to this platform, `Linux` and `macOS` are also valid
```
## Issues

- The TOML parsing needs work, it can be fooled easily.
- Can only select a single file currently. BOO!
- Very untested.
- Single threaded.

## Build

with Clang

```
clang unpkg.c -o unpkg
```

With GCC

```
gcc unpkg.c -o unpkg
```

With MSVS you can do from command line, you may have to run something like
this first in a cmd prompt.

```
"C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft Visual Studio\2017\Community\VC\Auxiliary\Build\vcvars64.bat"
```

then you can do

```
cl unpkg.c
```

## Credits

Additional work 


| Who | What | 
|------------|------|   
| [Sean T.Barret](https://twitter.com/nothings) | [Stretch Buffer](https://github.com/nothings/stb/blob/master/stretchy_buffer.h) |

Commit message:

Cleanup and and some defense

readme.md, after:

# UNPKG

Single file lib to help setup workspaces without to much effort. This is a
very minimal library it will not do syncing or even any checking. It requires
that you have already got installed the components it needs (E.g. git).
It will use platform provided utils where available (E.g curl).

Basically for a given project I will likely have some binary data, some
3rdparty code, and or some setup information that I don't want in the main
git repo, for example a premake executable, or bulid script, or a 3rd party
repo.

## What

- Unpkg reads a config file, and calls the command line to setup your workspace.
- Unpkg uses [TOML](https://github.com/toml-lang/toml) for data description.
- Unpkg is C89 ish. Meaning I'm not 100%, but it works on the compilers I use.
- Unpkg only looks for `unpkg.toml`, edit the source if you wish to change that.
- Unpkg will `git clone <repo>`.
- Unpkg will _not_ sync repos, you have todo that.
- Unpkg can clone a repo and select a single file.
- Unpkg will download an archive and unzip.
- Unpkg will _not_ stop you overwritting archive if called again.
- Unpkg can download an archive and select a single file.
- Unpkg does not cache diddle or squat.

## Why

- I'm stupid.
- I don't like subtrees.
- I don't like submodules.
- I don't like setup bash/bat scripts.
- I don't like extra dependencies.
- I don't like complex cmd line programs. 
- I want to easily setup a workspace, using the compiler I already have.
- I want to control that workspace after setup.

## How

- Build unpkg using the super complex instructions and custom build setup below.
- Add `unpkg.toml` to a directory and describe your data. Example in `test/`.
- Copy the exeutable to the directory, or add it to your path env var.
- Call `unpkg`.
- Start working.
- If you edit something you got via `unpkg` you have to deal with it.
- `unpkg <insert pkg name>` if you only want to process one item.
- E.g `unpkg premake-bin-win`

## UNPKG Doc

```toml
[package-name]           # Pkg name, used to select pkg manually
url = "http://*****.com" # Where to find the resource
type = "git"             # Can be git or archive
select = "foo.json"      # Optional: if you only want one file from the resource
platform = "Windows"     # Optional: Lock package to this platform, `Linux` and `macOS` are also valid
```
## Issues

- Some issues with parsing.
- No duplicate table checks.
- Only supports unix style endings currently `\n`.
- Can only select a single file currently. BOO!
- Very untested.
- Single threaded.

## Build

with Clang

```
clang unpkg.c -o unpkg
```

With GCC

```
gcc unpkg.c -o unpkg
```

With MSVS you can do from command line, you may have to run something like
this first in a cmd prompt.

```
"C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft Visual Studio\2017\Community\VC\Auxiliary\Build\vcvars64.bat"
```

then you can do

```
cl unpkg.c
```

## Credits

Additional work 


| Who | What | 
|-----|------|   
| [Sean T.Barret](https://twitter.com/nothings) | [Stretch Buffer](https://github.com/nothings/stb/blob/master/stretchy_buffer.h) |
